Add nitpicky, reformat docs filepath and spell check (#607)
sunpy/ndcube: docs/explaining_ndcube/visualization.rst

  >>> # Define the sequence
  >>> my_sequence = NDCubeSequence([cube0, cube1, cube2], common_axis=common_axis)

> To make a 4D array out of the data arrays within the `~ndcube.NDCubeSequence` of ``my_sequence``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a 4D array out of the data arrays within the constituent `~ndcube.NDCube` instances in
``my_sequence``.
```
